NMS-13610: Consolidate IPC features and kafka settings (#3974)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/deployment/pages/minion/message-broker/grpc.adoc

[source, disable-activemq.boot]
----
!minion-jms
!opennms-core-ipc-jms
----

> .Create a file to install gRPC features on start-up

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Create a file to install gRPC features on startup
```
